location,image_description,text,translated_text,id
Top,Text in Bengali on a white background.,আদম ও ইভ এর একবিংশ শতাব্দীতে প্রত্যাবর্তন অস্তিত্ব রাখে।,The return of Adam and Eve in the 21st century is relevant.,image_ben_4860.jpg
Middle,A man in a striped shirt and glasses looking at a woman from behind.,*আদম,*Adam,image_ben_4860.jpg
Bottom,A man in a striped shirt and glasses asking a woman from behind a question.,তুমি প্যান্ট পরো কেন বলোতো..?,Why do you wear pants..?,image_ben_4860.jpg
Bottom part of the image,A man in a cricket uniform standing in front of a stadium with a bat.,"উইকেটকিপিং আর ক্যাপ্টেন্সি ?
না, আমি এসবের কোনোটা্ই
পারিনা । আমি শুধু মুখ দিয়ে
হাগতে পারি, তাও আবার কমা ।","Wicketkeeping and captaincy? No, I can't do any of these. I can only hug with my mouth, that too with a comma.",image_ben_1273.png
Top,"An elderly woman with glasses is looking sternly at someone, speaking with an angry expression. There is text overlayed on her image.",শেষ পর্যন্ত একটা ছাতির বয়সী মেয়েকে বিয়ে করে আনলি?,"In the end, you brought a girl of the same age as a hut to marry?",image_ben_3869.jpg
Bottom,"A man with glasses is looking at the camera with a serious expression. Behind him, a woman in bridal attire is visible. There is text overlayed on the image.",শুধু কম বয়স টাই দেখলে মা ..বাকি বড় বড় জিনিস গুলো তো দেখলে না ....!,"You only saw the young age, mother.. you didn't see the big things....!",image_ben_3869.jpg
Top half,"A meme featuring two images. The top left shows a man with glasses lying in a hospital bed, covered in a blue sheet, with a distorted face of another person superimposed on his face. The top right shows a woman in a red dress with elaborate hair and makeup. Below these images, a red banner displays text and the ABP Ananda logo.","বিগ ব্রেকিং: দেবাংশুর বুকে পা দিয়ে যাওয়ার সময় শ্রাবন্তীর
গু,হা দেখে অজ্ঞান হয়ে হাসপাতালে ভর্তি দেবাংশু.",Big breaking: Debangshu admitted to hospital fainting after seeing Srabanti's genitalia while stepping on his chest.,image_ben_493.png
Bottom half,"The bottom half shows a news anchor in a suit and tie, speaking to the camera. The background is black with red horizontal lines. Text is superimposed at the bottom.","অবস্থা খুবই আশঙ্কাজনক জানাচ্ছে
আমাদের সংবাদ প্রতিনিধি.","The situation is very critical, our correspondent reports.",image_ben_493.png
top left,text in white color on a white background. The text is in English and Bengali.,"Roadies, Splitsvilla
এবং big boss
এ ঝগড়া দেখার
পর আমার বোন","Roadies, Splitsvilla
and big boss
After watching the fight
my sister",image_ben_4874.jpg
top right,text in white color on a white background. The text is in Bengali.,"মা-বাবার মধ্যে
একটু জোরে
কথা হলে
আমার বোন","Between mother-father
if you speak a
little loudly
my sister",image_ben_4874.jpg
bottom left,"A fluffy, light brown and white kitten yawning widely, sitting on a green couch. Text overlay at the bottom.","wow!
কতো cute!","wow!
so cute!",image_ben_4874.jpg
bottom right,"A close-up of a tabby kitten with wide eyes and its mouth open, appearing to meow or laugh. Text overlay at the bottom.","তোমরা কী ঝগড়া
করা ছাড়া কথা
বলতে পারো না","Can you not speak
without fighting?",image_ben_4874.jpg
Top,A woman in a red sari is looking at a man with concern.,ডেলিভারিতে বাচ্চা বের করোনি কেন গার্ডার থেকে?,Why didn't you bring out the baby from the delivery guard?,image_ben_4684.jpg
right,A man in a doctor's coat is looking at the camera with a serious expression. Text is written on his coat.,কারন ওটা ছেলে ছিলো আর ছেলে আমি চোঁকাই বের করি না,Because that was a boy and I don't bring out boys myself.,image_ben_4684.jpg
Top,A yellow sign with black Bengali text written on it.,"চποτε
থাকুন.","Be on top
Stay.",image_ben_3855.jpg
Bottom right,A smiling woman with long brown hair and a white dress.,@Achi,@Achi,image_ben_3855.jpg
Top,A young boy carrying a baby on his shoulders. The baby is biting the boy's finger.,,,image_ben_7399.jpg
Bottom left,Text written in Bengali.,এটা দেখার পর আমি,"After seeing this, I",image_ben_7399.jpg
Bottom right,"A rage comic character is shown eating with a disgusted expression, spitting out food.",,,image_ben_7399.jpg
Top,"The text is written in Bengali on a pinkish background. Below the text, there is a woman with her eyes closed and head tilted back, looking distressed or in pain. Her hair is long and dark.",আপনি শুধু মুখ চালান বিদ্যমান দা,You just run your mouth existing the,image_ben_322.png
Bottom,"The text is written in Bengali on a pinkish background, below the image of the woman. The woman's shoulders and chest are visible.",গুগল পে এখন সব জায়গায় চলে,Google Pay runs everywhere now,image_ben_322.png
Top,A Bengali text written on a white background.,সারাজীবন ছুইচির স্বপ্ন দেখে ফুলশয্যার রাতে সত্যিই সত্যিই ছুইচির চাপ সামলাতে হয়...,"All my life, dreaming of a kiss, on the wedding night, I actually have to handle the pressure of the kiss...",image_ben_5203.jpg
Middle,"A woman dressed in a purple saree with traditional Indian jewelry and flower garlands, looking to the side with a slight smile. Her makeup is dramatic, with dark eyeliner and a bindi on her forehead.",© Kaus,© Kaus,image_ben_5203.jpg
