location,image_description,text,translated_text,id
Top,,আদম ও ইভ এর একবিংশ শতাব্দীতে প্রত্যাবর্তন অস্তিত্ব রাখে।,Adam and Eve's return in the 21st century exists.,image_ben_4860.jpg
Bottom image,"A middle-aged man wearing glasses and a striped shirt is looking at a woman's back, who has her hair tied in a bun. The man appears to be questioning her.","*আদম
তুমি প্যান্ট পরো কেন বলতো..?","*Adam
Tell me, why do you wear pants..?",image_ben_4860.jpg
Full image,"A man identified as Tim Paine, wearing a green cricket blazer and a pink cap, holding a cricket bat, standing on the field of Sydney Cricket Ground. A large scoreboard and stadium stands are visible in the background.","উইকেটকিপিং আর ক্যাপ্টেন্সি? না, আমি এসবের কোনোটাই পারিনা। আমি শুধুমাত্র মুখ দিয়ে হাগতে পারি, তাও আবার কষা।","Wicket-keeping and captaincy? No, I can't do any of these. I can only shit with my mouth, and that too, constipated.",image_ben_1273.png
Top,"An angry elderly woman with glasses is speaking, looking sternly. She appears to be scolding someone.",শেষ পর্যন্ত একটা হাঁটুর বয়সী মেয়েকে বিয়ে করে আনলি?,"In the end, you married a girl the age of your knee and brought her home?",image_ben_3869.jpg
Bottom,"A man in glasses looks with a resigned or slightly annoyed expression. A woman in traditional Bengali bridal attire is partially visible behind him, looking downcast.",শুধু কম বয়স টাই দেখলে মা ..বাকি বড় বড় জিনিস গুলো তো দেখলে না ....!,"You only saw the young age, Ma... but you didn't see the other big things...!",image_ben_3869.jpg
Top image section,"A man's photoshopped face is on a body lying in a hospital bed, looking disoriented or unwell. Next to him, a woman with long, brown hair wearing a red top looks confidently towards the camera. This scene illustrates the news story.",,,image_ben_493.png
Red breaking news banner,A red banner with the 'ABP Ananda' news channel logo on the left and white text displaying a 'Big Breaking' news headline.,"বিগ ব্রেকিং: দেবাংশুর বুকে পা দিয়ে যাওয়ার সময় শ্রাবন্তীর গু,হা দেখে অজ্ঞান হয়ে হাসপাতালে ভর্তি দেবাংশু।","BIG BREAKING: Debangshu fainted and was admitted to the hospital after seeing Srabanti's 'guha' (cave, a vulgar pun) while passing over Debangshu's chest.",image_ben_493.png
Bottom news reporter section,"A male news reporter wearing a suit, tie, and glasses is speaking seriously in front of a black background with red horizontal lines. A small logo 'The Political Bro' is visible in the top right corner of this section.",অবস্থা খুবই আশঙ্কাজনক জানাচ্ছে আমাদের সংবাদ প্রতিনিধি।,Our news correspondent reports that the condition is very critical.,image_ben_493.png
Top left text,,"Roadies, Splitsvilla এবং big boss এ ঝগড়া দেখার পর আমার বোন","My sister after watching fights in Roadies, Splitsvilla and Big Boss",image_ben_4874.jpg
Top right text,,মা-বাবার মধ্যে একটু জোরে কথা হলে আমার বোন,My sister when parents talk a little loudly among themselves,image_ben_4874.jpg
Bottom left image,"A fluffy white and light brown kitten with its mouth wide open, appearing to be laughing or yawning, on a green sofa.",wow! কতো cute!,wow! How cute!,image_ben_4874.jpg
Bottom right image,"A gray tabby kitten with an angry or annoyed expression, baring its teeth.",তোমরা কী ঝগড়া করা ছাড়া কথা বলতে পারো না,Can't you talk without fighting?,image_ben_4874.jpg
Left side,A woman in a red saree with a serious or questioning expression,ডেলিভারিতে বাচ্চা বের করোনি কেন গর্ভের থেকে?,Why didn't you take the baby out of the womb during delivery?,image_ben_4684.jpg
Right side,"A man dressed as a doctor, looking stern or slightly exasperated",কারণ ওটা ছেলে ছিলো আর ছেলে আমি চোখাই বের করি না,"Because it was a boy, and I don't deliver boys perfectly.",image_ben_4684.jpg
Background text,"Bengali text 'চাটতে থাকুন' written in black on a yellow background, partially obscured by a bright light source.",চাটতে থাকুন.,Keep licking it.,image_ben_3855.jpg
Foreground image,"A young woman with long brown hair and a small red bindi on her forehead, wearing a white traditional embroidered top, smiling broadly at the camera. A bright light flare is visible in the bottom left.",,,image_ben_3855.jpg
Top panel,"A young boy is seen holding a baby with the baby's bare leg near the boy's mouth, making it appear as if the boy is biting or sucking on the baby's foot. A Spongebob Squarepants logo with text and a Facebook page name watermark is also visible.",জ জ,Ja Ja,image_ben_7399.jpg
Bottom left panel,,এটা দেখার পর আমি,"After seeing this, I",image_ben_7399.jpg
Bottom right panel,"A black and white rage comic drawing of a person doing a spit-take, appearing disgusted or shocked, with liquid splattering from their mouth.",,,image_ben_7399.jpg
Top,"A woman with long, dark hair, looking upwards with an expression of exasperation or distress, against a reddish-tinted wall background.",আপনি শুধু মুখ চালান বিমান দা,"You just keep talking, Biman da",image_ben_322.png
Bottom,,গুগল পে এখন সব জায়গায় চলে,Google Pay works everywhere now,image_ben_322.png
Full image,"A woman dressed as a bride with slightly disheveled hair, smudged eye makeup, and traditional bridal jewelry. She is wearing a purple saree with flower garlands around her neck and has a tired yet somewhat resigned expression with a faint smile.",সারাজীবন ছ'ইঞ্চির স্বপ্ন দেখে ফুলশয্যার রাতে যখন সত্যি সত্যি ছ'ইঞ্চির চাপ সামলাতে হয়...,"Dreaming of six inches throughout life, when on the wedding night you actually have to handle the pressure of six inches...",image_ben_5203.jpg
